Caesar's caesarean amateurs
neat ride
not expensive fur coats we add hello to me
my name is romance this x please and today i am
tell you about the tire which is always
reciprocates those who appreciate it
dunlop sp winter ice01
perhaps one of the most controversial models
japanese old - timer someone her
praises but also squeeze dozens on it
thousand kilometers and ready to swap only
on the same but someone scolding and
waving his arms in displeasure
throws out and and no kickbacks and season what's
the secret seems to be just because
buying this shiva needs to be firmly convinced
that it fits your car and
personally you from your patience and respectful
relationship to the bus
believe she is ready for active
operation just need to wait
usb interface 01 require mandatory
running in and neat driving then
thankful she will show you and reliable
sidewall in corners and take out of the necklace
and loose snow otherwise you
skids are waiting at a speed already above 80
fallen shell and not fraternal huge
braking distances
fast loss quality
characteristics scary buzz like this
look carefully at the tread that
you see that after a little it's yes and yet
nothing like honest picture
this modern japanese tread
where the blocks are placed according to the theory
Chaos reminds very deeply indented
tire and blocks are large so be
ready for what she will be
somewhat more than just studded
tire but this particular tread pattern
gives increased permeability servant not
secret that the tire is what in times
good noise insulation can handle
so if your car is secure
protected from the sounds of the outside world itself
yourself pretty steady and big then
great chance that dunlop sp winter ice 01
love him and will live with him for a long time and
happily you had an affair before meeting in
next video review express love evil